Chapter 1: Blackout

one dark night, in the depths of winter, sonic, tails and amy were at a 
wonderful cozy tudor that they were staying at temporarily. they were 
traveling, you see.

this particular lodge was in leavenworth, a small town in the cascade 
mountain range. tails was in the kithcen cooking some bacon and eggs

(bacon and eggs are, of course, breakfast food, and this is for dinner, 
but, 
unfortunately they were almost all that was left in the fridge),

sonic was in the living room trying to stack all of the megadrive 
components 
he brought along, sega cd, 32x, gameshark, etc.. amy was in the 
upstairs 
bedroom,

unpacking her bags. tails finished cooking the bacon and eggs, so he 
brought 
them to sonic, who was in the living room still stacking the 
components. 
"hey sonic

eat this, it's all we got". "okay, lets take it into the dining room". 
sonic 
smiled at tails, until he saw what the food was. tails observed sonic 
staring at the food with a serious look on his face

"I'm sorry sonic, I know it's breakfast food, I'll get some food from 
the 
store tomorrow sonic". sonic looked up at tails, cleared his throat, 
and 
said "it's not that tails,

it is just THESE" sonic pointed at the eggs. tails stared into space 
thinking for a split second. "OHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! I'm sorry sonic, I 
forgot!!!". sonic gave tails an disapproving grimace, as tails walked 
away 
with just the eggs, embarrassed.

sonic then heaved a great sigh, walked back to the living room and 
continued 
to stack the components. "it's okay tails, I forgive you". sonic 
grinned, 
looking at his giant tower. "hey tails, wanna see me turn on my "grand 
stack"?". tails walked towards the living room. "sure sonic, what is it 
again?

GOOD GAWD!!!!!!!!!". tails was very surprised, earlier he didn't notice 
the 
stack, for it was relatively short at the time, but now it reached 5 
feet 
up. "WOW, YEAH SURE SONIC, TURN IT ON!!!". sonic then reached for the 
power 
button, while standing on a footstool, because sonic is only 3ft 9in.

"okay tails, here it goes". sonic pressed the power button. it seemed 
like 
an eternity, until sparks flew out of the sides of the tower of 
components. 
tails ran upstairs, screaming. sonic cursed as the tv exploded, 
showering 
him with sparks. the tower came crashing down and smashed on the floor. 
"MY 
MEGADRIVE!!!!!" sonic screamed. then tails came back downstairs, with 
amy 
right next to him.

amy gasped at the sight of the broken game system, and especially 
sonic, who 
had burn spots all over him.

"we were lucky sonic, we could have had a blackout!!!". just then the 
lights 
went out. "yeah great tails, real great". tails scoffed . "like I did 
anything". sonic knew that they needed light. "lemme find the 
flashlight 
tails". amy thought about it for a moment. "sonic, did we bring any 
flashlights?". sonic laughed and sarcastically said, "HMM, good qustion 
amy, 
let's go see". "but sonic, we can't see, it is pitch black in here. oh 
no, I 
hope we didn't cause a rolling blackout!!!".

at that, amy ran to the front door, and saw that the whole town was out 
of 
power. "OH NO!!!!!!!". sonic looked into the endless darkness. "ah 
shoot, 
tails, you go find a flashlight, amy, uhhh, find the controller for the 
R/C 
fireplace here". "right, I'll look upstairs, I think that there is a 
flashlight in one of the bags we brought". "I think the fireplace 
controller 
is on the end table by the couch, I'll look for it when tails gets the 
flashlight, sonic".

sonic was thinking about it for a moment. "oops, the fireplace needs 
electricity to work, so skip it, let's all look for flashlights". sonic 
ran 
to the entry closet, and opened it, which was hard to do because of the 
darkness. "okay, let's see what we got, um, whats this? ooh, a 
flashlight". 
sonic took the flashlight into his hands and slid the switch to the on 
position, the whole room lit up. "cool, now we can see!". sonic lifted 
the 
flashlight to his chin.

just then tails came downstairs, let out a blood curdling scream, and 
ran 
back upstairs. "I wonder what is wrong with tails, oh, sheesh, what a 
scaredy cat, hehe". sonic remembered that cliche, the one where someone 
points a flashlight at their chin from below, where it illuminates 
certain 
parts of their face, and it scares somebody. "what is that muffled 
noise?" 
sonic then turned around. "okay amy did you find any fl.. 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!". sonic saw a strange 
monster! it 
looked sort of like a yeti, and it had one of it's hands over amy's 
mouth,

and amy was trying to scream, so that was the weird noise! sonic ran 
forward 
to get amy, and the monster disappeared into the darkness beyond the 
flashlight's range, taking amy with it! "NOOO!!!! AMY!!!!" tails came 
downstairs and was terrified. "WHERE IS AMY!!!". tails was crying. 
sonic 
tried to calm him down. "that dumb monster took her away tails!!!!"


::The Halo And Sonic Fan: daj2500@hotmail.com::


Chapter 2: The Evil That Lies In The Darkness

sonic and tails were standing there alone, in the darkness, that 
monster 
just took amy away. "sonic! shouldn't we go look for amy?". sonic and 
tails 
started walking towards the front door. "yes tails,

lets make that monster wish he never messed with us!!!" sonic and tails 
grabbed their equipment bags, and set out into the snowy darkness, 
waiting 
for the daylight to shine through to them, which would not occur

for several hours. sonic and tails ran down the street, ready to fight 
that 
monster if they were to come in contact with it again. sonic then 
noticed 
something. a yellowish-brown figure was running towards them,

sonic could just barely make out the figure to be a young hedgehog, the 
hedgehog came closer and finally closed the distance. it was in fact, a 
young hedgehog. this hedgehog looked about 12 years old. he was wearing 
a 
yellow-brown

parka, black snowboots and yellow pants. "HELLO!!! oh thank god, HELP 
ME!!!" 
the hedgehog ran right into sonic's arms, obviously wanting help of 
some 
kind. "HE'S AFTER ME, HE..HE IS GOING TO KILL US ALL!!!!!". "calm down! 
who 
are you? who is gonna kill us? hey tails, do you know who this is?". 
tails 
looked up at sonic with a relatively sullen gaze.

"not a clue". sonic looked back down at the young hedgehog "hmm, silly 
question, so, who are you?". the young hedgehog looked up at sonic. 
"dirk, 
my name is dirk, which doen't matter, BECAUSE WE ARE ALL GONNA 
DIE!!!!". 
"shut up about that, we are NOT gonna die! tails? let's all get outta 
here". 
tails looked at the young hedgehog.

"and you are coming too! don't worry, you will be safe, sonic is a very 
powerful hedgehog". tails was trying to reason with dirk, in a way that 
would let him understand that these two are not your average hedgehog 
and 
fox. "um, what is your name? I heard the other hedgehog call you 
"tails", is 
that your name?". tails, somewhat glad that he was able to calm dirk 
down,

said, "yes my name IS in fact tails, but even though I use "tails" as 
my 
name, it is really my callsign too, I'm an airplane pilot you see, my 
real 
name is Miles Prower. "does your real name have anything to do with the 
fact 
that you fly airplanes miles?". "umm, no. it is just my real name. you 
can 
call me tails". "okay, so, what is his name". dirk pointed at sonic.

"his name is sonic the hedgehog, I don't know if that is his real name 
or 
not, but rumor has it that his real name is Trevor McBrad!!!".sonic 
shot a 
very irritated glare at tails. tails thought, oops, I shouldn't have 
said 
that. they continued on, further down the road. dirk stopped and gasped 
at 
the sight of one particular landmark. "NOOO!!! THIS IS THE DIRECTION 
THAT 
THE MONSTER WAS CHASING ME FROM!!!!! HE IS GONNA KILL US!!!!!".

"don't worry dirk, you are going to be just fine, and hey mister 
tattle-tails, uh, I mean tails, let's keep moving". tails face 
darkened. 
"you had better watch it sonic!!!". sonic looked at tails with a very 
authoritive face. "don't start, tails". tails stopped and crossed his 
arms. 
"fine sonic, if you wan't to be a jerk, then I will just stay here". 
"okay 
fine, I hope that monster eats you". at that sonic turned and walked 
off.

"did you really mean that, sonic? tails is not all that bad". "I know 
dirk, 
I have had to put up with him for years, do you think that I don't know 
that". dirk looked down at the ground sadly. sonic heard a loud scream, 
he 
turned around, to see that tails was gone! "TAILS!!! NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!! I 
DIDN'T MEAN IT!!!!!! I'M SORRY!!!!!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!". 
dirk had 
a serious look on his face. "I guess we won't be leaving after all, 
sonic". 
sonic just stared at dirk. well, it seems that their plans have 
changed, 
haven't they. ever since they met dirk. I wonder what will happen next?


::The Halo And Sonic Fan: daj2500@hotmail.com::


BLACKOUT Saga 1: The Power Outage

Chapter 3: The Frozen Lake

Sonic felt terrible. His tears turned into ice the second they left his 
eyes. Dirk was sad too.

Sonic felt tired, groggy and cold, but he had to continue on. Sonic had 
his 
head in his hands in sadness.

Dirk came over and put his hand on Sonic's shoulder, trying to 
encourage him 
and cheer him up.

"Sonic, we have to continue on. Our luck may change! If we were to just 
sit 
here, that chance may become ruined!"

"But Dirk, without Tails we can't go on." "Sure we can Sonic! I can 
help 
you; I do know how to defend myself quite well,

And I am trained in some of the most powerful fighting techniques, but 
not 
even the strongest warrior can kill that monster

With his bare hands, or even a sword! But maybe two, and with weapons."

"But we don't have any weapons Dirk!" Sonic exclaimed. "Like I said 
Sonic, 
our luck may change. This area has 3 hidden legendary weapons, and lots 
of

Caves. We could hide in one of the caves, and wait until daylight. And 
then 
look for the weapons. The legendary weapons are the nunchaku of kortul,

The Bo staff of maji, and the sword of Durandal, no, wait, oh yeah, the 
sword of Duran. If we were to retrieve any of these weapons from their 
respective places,

We could become VERY powerful, and be able to destroy that monster. The 
nunchaku of kortul has the power of fire, the staff of maji has the 
power to 
cause earthquakes, and the sword of Duran has the power to slice 
anything!"

. Dirk finally finished his monologue. "LET'S DO THAT!!" Sonic 
exclaimed in 
happiness. Sonic thought to himself, "how does this kid know all this? 
Then 
again,

How come I don't?" "Okay then! Lets go to one of the caves!" dirk said, 
happy that sonic agreed with his plans. Sonic and Dirk headed for the 
nearest cave. They stuck a large boulder

In front of the cave entrance so that the monster would not find them. 
If it 
did find them it would be able to easily move the boulder away though.

Sonic took his equipment bag off of his back, removed a compact shovel 
from 
it, and proceeded to shovel some dirt from the inside of the cave, to 
the 
area around the boulder, thereby decreasing

The chance of the monster sniffing them out. They needn't worry about 
suffocating, because air comes from the other end of the cave, on the 
other 
side of the mountain range. In a place that the monster cannot reach.

Sonic and Dirk slept well that night. Sonic awoke to a loud rumbling 
noise. 
Sonic watched in horror as the boulder was being moved away! Sonic 
jolted 
dirk awake. Dirk gasped at the sight. Then, a white, yeti-like monster 
appeared.

It let out a loud roar when it saw them. Sonic jumped to his feet, 
grabbed 
the shovel, and threw it at the monster. Sonic and Dirk watched as the 
monster grabbed the shovel right out of the air!

"That monster must be pretty smart!" Sonic yelled. Then Sonic and Dirk 
watched as the monster started to eat the shovel.

"No, not really." Dirk said sarcastically. "Boy, I sure hope he didn't 
do 
that to Tails and Amy already!" Sonic shouted. "Let's go Sonic! Dirk 
shouted. They started running just as the monster discovered that the 
shovel 
was not very tasty,

At which moment the monster started chasing them. Sonic grabbed dirk's 
arm 
and started running a bit faster. The monster managed to gain on them. 
Dirk 
was slowing sonic down, but sonic was not going to leave dirk here.

The monster took a shortcut and ended up in front of them. Sonic rushed 
the 
monster, still holding on to dirk. The monster swiped at Dirk, causing 
3 big 
gashes on dirk's side. Dirk screamed in pain. Sonic kept on running. he 
and 
dirk had to get out of that cave.

The monster was close behind them. As a last resort, the monster lunged 
at 
sonic's feet, sending them flying. They quickly got to their feet. Dirk 
was 
slower than he usually was, because of his terrible wounds.

Sonic grabbed Dirk, and burst from the cave. He stumbled at the exit, 
and 
looked down in horror at the long drop below. Sonic turned around to 
see the 
monster charging at them. Sonic thought about it. It would be a much 
better 
death to be pulverized at the bottom of this ravine,

Than to be torn apart by this monster. "I sure hope I live through 
this!!" 
Sonic grabbed dirk, and jumped off of the cliff. Sonic then heard a 
voice in 
his head. "Sonic, remember what you are". The voice brought back eerie 
memories. "Shadow? Wha.... oh yeah! I forgot all about it!!! Okay,

here it goes". Sonic breathed in as much air as possible. "CHAOS 
CONTROL!!!" 
Sonic screamed at the top of his lungs. Sonic and Dirk teleported, and 
ended 
up at the bottom of the mountain standing on a big, Frozen lake. Dirk 
gasped. "Y..you are the ultimate life form!!!".


::The Halo And Sonic Fan: daj2500@hotmail.com::

Note, my grammar is better because I used Microsoft word. 
Capitalization's, 
spelling, the whole thing!


BLACKOUT Saga 1: The Power Outage

Chapter 4: A Red Hued Savior

Dirk was staring at sonic, speechlessly. "Yep, that's right" sonic said 
sarcastically. "I AM the ultimate life form. Shadow The Hedgehog 
revealed 
this to me, when he died". Sonic looked down in sadness.

"I'm sorry" Dirk said in a sad tone. "he sacrificed himself for earth 
and 
all the people on it, by killing that monster, and keeping the ARK 
space 
station from falling to the earth." Sonic said in a serious tone.

he wanted Shadow's legacy to be firmly imprinted in Dirk's head. 
"Sonic, 
isn't Shadow that secret american government project, that was stolen 
by 
that illegal japanese military syndicate? G.U.N.?" Dirk inquired.

"Yeah thats right, how do you know so much?" Sonic said, surprised. "I 
like 
to sneak into military bases, by using the ductwork, I can gain access 
to 
rooms filled with many libraries full of confidential information."

Dirk said, in such a calm way, it made Sonic shiver. "W-WHAT!!??" Sonic 
yelled. Dirk just giggled. "are your ears not working?". Sonic's face 
was 
pale. it dropped to a very angry face. "WAIT A MINUTE!!! YOU ARE THAT

KID THAT AMBUSHED ME AND RAN AWAY WHILE I WAS IN ONE OF G.U.N.'S 
BASES!!! 
YOU JERK!!!" sonic screamed. "what? I think I know what you are talking 
about, OH MY! I am sorry for beating you up so badly! I thought you 
were 
K-MsM.

Sonic's anger cooled down. "Wha.....? who is that?". Sonic stared at 
Dirk. 
"he was the final result of the Simon project, by the swedish 
government, 
which was supposed to be a counter to shadow. then, shadow was captured 
by 
G.U.N., and K-MsM became useless.

his anger and grief of being left out, of being the outcast was too 
much for 
him, so they put him in cold storage. the process they used to freeze 
him 
was so obsolete, when they woke him up a few months ago, he was crazy.

he killed the science team, and raided the facility. He looks a lot 
like you 
sonic, except for longer quills that have light neon blue tips, and 
blue 
shoes with black stripes.

ever since they woke him up he has been on a rampage of destruction, 
tearing 
apart 15 G.U.N. facilities in just 5 days. he believes that G.U.N. is 
responsible for all of his pain and suffering.

he has all of his gear. armor, shields, health packs, grenades, knives, 
2 
custom-made handguns, and a big MiniGun, and much, much, more. he is 
very 
deadly, Sonic". Sonic stomped on the ground in frustration. "not 
another 
one!!! I wanted a vacation!".

"What about tails, sonic? we have to stop K-MsM". Sonic looked at Dirk, 
and 
started to cry. "he is my best friend! I have to help him!". just then, 
Dirk 
spotted a strange object in the distance in the center of the lake. the 
sun 
glinted off of it.

"hey sonic, look over there, see that?".dirk pointed at the shiny 
object. 
Sonic and Dirk looked at each other. they ran towards the object. when 
they 
reached the object, they looked at it and identified it as The Nunchaku 
of 
Kortul. "YES! we found one of the 3 legendary weapons!".

Sonic bent over to look at the weapon, as dirk dislodged it from the 
ice. it 
had maroon stained wood, flame paint, and golden end caps. and the 
chain was 
made of gold too. when they stood up, they stood face to face with a 
blue 
hedgehog. he had long, bushy quills that reached

down to his knees. they had a neon light blue color about 5 inches to 
their 
end. he had thick black eyebrows and blue shoes, that had black 
stripes. he 
was decked out with equipment. he wore a green kevlar jacket, black 
sweat 
pants, and black fingerless gloves.

no doubt, this was him. K-MsM. another experimental hedgehog.

"I see that you have made a friend Dirk, why? is it because you are too 
cowardly to fight me alone?". with that statement, Dirk's rage built up 
inside him. dirk punched K-MsM in the shoulder, which did absolutely 
nothing. K-MsM simply stood his ground.

he let out a devilish smile, grabbed Dirk by the neck, and punched him 
in 
the stomach, which sent Dirk flying. when dirk landed he doubled over 
in 
pain. "I won't allow this! you aren't gonna mess with me, or my buddy 
here!!!" sonic yelled. "wanna make a bet?" K-MsM said, with a devilish 
voice.

K-MsM spun around horizontally, not vertically, like Sonic does when he 
spindashes. his fists left behind fire trails. his fists appeared to be 
on 
fire. but, strangely enough, they were not being consumed by the fire. 
"what 
the?". sonic was mesmerized by the blur of colors in front of him.

K-MsM sent one of his fists into Sonic's jaw, which sent him reeling 
backward. Sonic spindashed into K-MsM's chest, which staggered him, but 
only 
a little. this was Sonic's chance. he ran over to Dirk, got the 
Nunchaku of 
Kortul, and ran back at K-MsM, at such a blistering speed, K-MsM did 
not

have a chance to recover. Sonic brought the weapon down hard on K-MsM's 
shoulder. this sent him to his knees. but K-MsM quickly recovered. he 
backflipped while drawing his large pistols. K-MsM sent a volley of 
rounds 
at Sonic, in mid-air.

Sonic flipped around, avoiding each bullet. Sonic then tore towards 
K-MsM 
and unleashed a flurry of blows with the nunchaku. this sent K-MsM to 
the 
ground. K-MsM glared at Sonic. "you won't win! this is only a fraction 
of my 
power!!!" he shouted.

"oh yeah? BRING IT ON!! or are you just bluffing?" Sonic challenged. 
K-MsM 
relaxed and his devilish smile reappeared. "did you really mean that?". 
"yeah! thats right, dumbass. just for fun, let's see your real power!". 
K-MsM got up, smiling all the way. "alright, hedgehog. you asked for 
it".

K-MsM faded out into nothing. "hey! you wimp!!! come back here!!!". 
Sonic 
ran to the place where K-MsM was standing. a crucial error. Sonic waved 
his 
hand through where K-MsM was. nothing. not a trace. gone. then 
suddenly, 
Sonic felt an arm around his neck, holding him tightly.

Sonic struggled to free himself, but his assailant was too strong. just 
then, a knife impaled his shoulder. sonic screamed in pain. his 
assailant 
stabbed him again. this time in his leg. then the assailant dropped him 
to 
the ground. sonic turned around on his back to see his assailant.

it was K-MsM. "that is even less power than I was using earlier" he 
said, in 
a cold, evil tone. "now, you will bleed to death. and, I believe that 
is 
mine" K-MsM pointed at the nunchaku. "no way! I will never give this to 
you!!!". just then sonic thought,

"he might not kill me now if I just give it to him, and then, I might 
survive". then sonic spoke. "I'm gonna die anyway, guess I could give 
it to 
you". sonic was trying to persuade K-MsM. "thank you, and by the way, 
what 
is your name?" he said, sarcastically.

"Sonic The Hedgehog" he said. "I have heard of you before. I am quite 
surprised at how easy you were to defeat. my name is Simon Kasmia, or 
K-MsM.". just then, knuckles appeared. he slammed his fist into Simon's 
head, knocking him out. "nice save knuckles!" sonic blurted. "anytime".


::The Halo And Sonic Fan: daj2500@hotmail.com::

Disclaimer: K-MsM and Dirk are copyrighted to *THASF* A.K.A. The Halo 
And 
Sonic Fan. all other characters are copyright of Sega.
you may not use K-MsM or Dirk in any way shape, or form. they aren't up 
for 
grabs either,
so don't come asking me for permission of use. I like keeping them to 
myself, after seeing what
sotsu did to kevin. he branded that kanji symbol on kevin's head (and I 
thought kevin lu,
the author, not the character, said "don't change my characters in any 
way").


Chapter 5: Slingshot

it was early morning, 6:45 AM to be exact. Knuckles had just knocked

K-MsM's lights out. Sonic was seriously injured. Dirk was sitting where

K-MsM sent him flying to. he watched the whole thing. Dirk ran up to

Knuckles.

"who are you?" Dirk asked Knuckles. "hi, my name is Knuckles. you can

call me Knuck for short. but DO NOT call me KNUCKIE!!". Dirk's quills

stood on end. "OK-K-AY" Dirk stuttered.

Knuckles looked at Dirk, perplexed. "and who might YOU be?". "Dirk

Johnson, but you can call me Dirk." he said. Knuck smiled. "nice to 
meet

you dirk. Sonic and I go way back. I was working for

this awful man. Dr. Ivo Robotnik. you see, this guy was, and probably

still is, Sonic's enemy". "you get the picture." Knuckles joked. "yeah,

but "probably still his enemy?" I don't

think that it is possible to be "probably-anything" with stuff like 
being

enemies.". "well, you see, in his last conflict with Sonic, he said he

would no longer be evil.

that his battle against Sonic was over. but I don't believe him". "wow.

Sonic looks hurt. Knuckles, you get him back to town, and get help for

Sonic!!! I'll take care of K-MsM". Dirk picked up the unconscious 
K-MsM,

and ran off. Knuckles went around the deep canyon, and back to town, 
and

to the nearest house. the house was vacant. Knuckles smashed the window

out with a big rock. he jumped into the house while carrying Sonic

through the window. he rested Sonic against the wall near the kitchen,

and went into the kitchen. he grabbed the phone, which was being used 
by

realtors, only to hear no dial tone. he noticed that the phone was

plugged into a caller ID, and that the answering machine was plugged 
into

the nearest power outlet. he thought for a moment, if he did a bit of

re-wiring, he could use the phone. first, he unplugged the answering

machine. then, he unplugged the caller ID, and plugged the wall 
socket's

cord DIRECTLY into line 2. because line 1 was dead. he then picked up 
the

phone. there was a welcoming dial tone. he called 911. the operator 
said

"how may I help you?". "yeah, could you get me an ambulance? we have a

guy here that has been stabbed."."goodness!!! I will get an ambulance

there right away!!! where are you located?". "hold on a sec, i'm 
checking

the address.". Knuckles went outside, he checked the address, and 
street

name. he then went back to the phone."yes, my address is.....". 
knuckles

was interrupted by the operator. "no need for that now, we have traced

your call. we now know your adress and street name". Knuckles thought 
to

himself "what a waste, fumbling in the dark, just to have your work

replaced by someone else's efforts. which are not as large as yours.

damn.". the operator spoke. "we have sent an ambulance to your 
location.

by the way, you are located at a vacant house. did you break in?". 
"there

is a power outage here. I did what I had to, it was an emergency!!! 
this

guy is dying!!!". "the ambulance will be there in two minutes, hang

tight!!!". Sonic, who had been quiet all this time, spoke up. "h-hey

K-k-n-nuckles, I-i'm hurt pretty bad. I don't know how much longer I 
can

last. please get help Knuckles.". "Sonic, help is on the way.". the

ambulance pulled up, and the rescuers brought a stretcher to the door.

one of the rescuers knocked on the door. Knuckles answered. "come in,

quick! my friend has been stabbed twice!!". the rescuer stayed calm and

professional. "he needs something to stop this intense bleeding. hey

Mike, get a couple large bandages.". "Mike" nodded and got the 
bandages.

Mike gave the bandages to the rescuer. the rescuer bandaged Sonic up.

Dirk was going to do something terrible to K-MsM, for hurting his 
friend.

Dirk did that terrible thing to K-MsM. what he did is a secret.

Dirk then ran off, back to town. but he noticed something, the Bo

Staff of Maji!!! but it was inaccessable, but Knuckles could climb up 
to

where it is. Dirk continued on. K-MsM awoke. he looked into some

reflective ice at himself and screamed a bloodcurling scream.

"DIIIIRRRRRRKKKK!!!!!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!

NNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'LL 
KILL

YOU FOR THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!".

K-MsM was crying. for reasons that I will not yet tell you.

Dirk got to Knuckles just as the ambulance pulled away. "hey Dirk, what

did you do with K-MsM?". Dirk gave off an evil grin. you don't wanna

know. what will happen next, and what will K-MsM do about his..... you

will see!

::The Halo And Sonic Fan: daj2500@hotmail.com::

Disclaimer: K-MsM and Dirk are copyrighted to me. all other characters 
are 
copyright of Sega.
you may not use K-MsM or Dirk in any way shape, or form. they aren't up 
for 
grabs either,
so don't come asking me for permission of use. I like keeping them to 
myself, after seeing what
sotsu did to kevin. he branded that kanji symbol on kevin's head (and I 
thought kevin lu,
the author, not the character, said "don't change my characters in any 
way"). but it is a good thing that he fixed kevin's hair. please tell 
me if 
you are inspired by my fanfic! :)
